doc: add note for npm pub (#3)
holepunchto/bare-addon: README.md

gh run download --name prebuilds --dir prebuilds
```

> > Note: You still need to manually run `npm pub` to publish the package on NPM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> You still need to manually run `npm pub` to publish the package to npm.
```
